Update microsoft-365-groups-expiration-policy.md (#4339)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/solutions/microsoft-365-groups-expiration-policy.md

- Outlook - join group, read or write group message from the group, and like a message (Outlook on the web).
- Teams - visiting a teams channel.

> > [!Note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```

> > Microsoft 365 Groups converted by Yammer in native mode do not renew automatically and the yammer activities donot count for automatic renewal. For more information about Native mode, See[Overview of Native Mode](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/yammer/configure-your-yammer-network/overview-native-mode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Microsoft 365 Groups converted by Yammer in Native Mode do not renew automatically and the Yammer activities do not count towards automatic renewal. For more information about Native Mode, see [Overview of Native Mode](https://docs.microsoft.com/yammer/configure-your-yammer-network/overview-native-mode).
```
